

Action list
	1.	Ask number of players
	2.	Players nickname
	3.	If single player see single player exceptions
	4.	Choice leader cards
	5.	Random choice starting player (inkwell)
	6.	If multiplayer give initial resources and faith points
	7.	Start game
	8.	Choice action (market resources, buy devcards or activate production)
	9.	Activation or not of the leader card and check if it can be activated, discard leader card (even both at the same time or the same action for two cards at the same time)
	10.	Turn termination
	11.	Verify match termination conditions and decree winner (points calculation)
	12.	Next player


Market resources
	1.	Activate or discard leader card?
	2.	Row or column choice
	3.	Give resource (check if leader card is active for white marbles), if faith point advance pope token
	4.	Control of pope token
	5.	Put resources in the deposit, if the resources are in excess discard them but the other players receive one faith point for each discarded resources
	6.	Moving marbles
	7.	Activate or discard leader card?


Buy devcards
	1.	Activate or discard leader card?
	2.	Choice devcards
	3.	Check if I have the necessary resources (error message if I don't have them)
	4.	Check card slots to determine if I can buy
	5.	Remove resources from the storage and / or vault
	6.	Place devcard
	7.	Activate or discard leader card?


Activate production
	1.	Activate or discard leader card?
	2.	Choice which production to activate
	3.	Check if the resources are enough otherwise error message
	4.	Production activation control only once (the resources received with production cannot be used to activate another)
	5.	Remove the resources used to activate the production (both storage and vault)
	6.	Put the resources obtained in the VAULT and / or advance the papal token
	7.	Control of pope token
	8.	Activate or discard leader card?


Control of pope token
	1.	Check yellow box, if yes I add points
	2.	Check if they are on a papal report or have just passed it
	3.	Has it been reached before? If yes, I do nothing
	4.	If not, check other players' positions
	5.	Allocation of papal favor card points or card discard
	6.	Finish checking


Single player exceptions
	1.	Place black faith token
	2.	Place action tokens
	3.	As soon as your turn begins, activate action token on top of the stack
	4.	Check position of black marker for Vatican report


CHECK MOVEMENT OF RESOURCES, THEY CANNOT BE MOVED FROM STORAGE TO VAULT AND THE OTHER WAY AROUND


Multiplayer and Single Player End Game Conditions
	1.	A player has bought his seventh devcard
	2.	Player has reached the end of the papal track
	3.	Column of devcards area finished (game loss)
	4.	Black token reaches the end of the papal track (game loss)


Calculation of points
	•	Points of all devcards
	•	Points from the pope track based on where you are
	•	Papal favor card points
	•	Leader card points
	•	Resource points (every 5 resources both storage and vault = 1 point)







